welcome ladies and gentlemen to the
fourth installment of the rundown blitz
i am your host with the most Jeff
Marrone and to my left is my co-host the
lovely chanel Salinas and tonight we
discussed Michael Jordan's son Marcus
Jordan being arrested for causing a
druken disturbance at a Nebraska hotel
and Janelle has more on this according
to nydailynews.com cop stated the son of
NBA legend Michael Jordan Marcus Jordan
spent Sunday in a Nebraska jail for
causing a drunken turmoil outside a
hotel in addition to that Omaha police
stated the 21-year old Central Florida
basketball player was animated under the
influence and uncooperative when they
found him around 2 15 am arguing with
two women in the driveway of an embassy
suites in Omaha furthermore authorities
stated the six foot three inch 205 pound
guard resisted police and it took
several officers to restrain him
nevertheless he was charged with
resisting arrest unruly conduct and
obstruction and release on Sunday night
additionally a mug shot showed Jordan
smiling widely and wearing a pair of
Dwyane Wade style glasses evidently
according to Jordan's Twitter page he
was in Omaha for the u.s. Olympic
swimming trials moreover the arrest
comes just more than a month after
little MJ raised some eyebrows by
apparently propositioning a porn star on
Twitter however Jordan quickly Lee mated
the tweet and sent another stating he
was pranked besides that the senior
averaged 13 points per Central Florida
last year nevertheless according to
reports he has been contemplating
quitting the team in final analysis I
hope young Jordan learns from this
experience and endeavors in his life not
to do this again because in order for
him to become a legend and champion like
his old man he needs to carry himself
like profession
for the fact if he makes a habit out of
getting drunk and making an ass out of
himself on regular basis will turn away
any other college teams he might
consider jumping to and even the NBA
draft selection consideration now we're
not naive has young he gon party but at
the end of the day it's important for
him to drink and party responsibly and
as far as the porn star thing goes prank
are or not twitter is not the place to
proposition anyone this concludes
tonight's broadcast tune in next time
for the fifth installment of the rundown
blitz I am Jeff Marron signing off and I
am Janelle salinas signing off
nevertheless if you have something to
say about the tonight's topics please
comment below